Do you know how we experience diversity at FEMSA?
Fostering diversity means treasuring and celebrating
the richness of each individual.
We see diversity as all the different channels
where people can travel on the JEDI road,
and how it contributes something unique to the journey
and enriches the experience on this shared road.
Some people walk, others ride bikes or cars, and some skate.
Diversity means opening spaces,
including, and boosting other points of view
to ensure access and development in our company, regardless of diversity.
We are committed to embracing the JEDI model,
which guarantees the conditions
that make people feel valued,
included, and respected for their singularities, differences, and skills.
Join us on our way to achieving diversity at FEMSA!
Together,
we make a more powerful and more diverse team,
where every individual feels welcomed and can contribute their value and shine.